League of Legends

League of Legends, commonly referred to as League,is a team-based multiplayer online battle arena video game with over 140 champions developed and published by Riot Games. Inspired by Defense of the Ancients, a custom map for Warcraft III, Riot's founders sought to develop a stand-alone game in the same genre.
Initial release date: 27 October 2009
Developer: Riot Games
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, GeForce Now, macOS, Macintosh operating systems
Total champions: more than 140


League of Legends: Wild Rift

League of Legends: Wild Rift is a multiplayer online battle arena mobile game developed and published by Riot Games for Android and iOS. The free-to-play game is a modified version of the PC game League of Legends.
Initial release date: 27 October 2020
Developer: Riot Games
Platforms: Android, iOS, iPadOS
Total champions: more than 75


Mobile Legends: Bang Bang

Mobile Legends: Bang Bang, commonly referred to as ML or MLBB, is a mobile multiplayer online battle arena game developed and published by Moonton, a subsidiary of ByteDance. 
Initial release date: 14 July 2016
Developer: Moonton
Platforms: Android, iOS
Total champions: more than 115


Arena of Valor

Arena of Valor, formerly Strike of Kings, is an international adaptation of Honor of Kings, a multiplayer online battle arena developed by TiMi Studio Group and published by Level Infinite for Android, iOS and Nintendo Switch for markets outside Mainland China.
Initial release date: 13 October 2016
Developers: TiMi Studio Group, Tencent Games
Platforms: iOS, Android, Nintendo Switch, iPadOS
Total champions: more than 110


Honor of Kings

Honor of Kings, is a multiplayer online battle arena developed by TiMi Studio Group and published by Tencent Games for the iOS and Android mobile platforms for Mainland China. Released in 2015, it has become one of the most relevant MOBA games in mainland China.
Initial release date: 26 November 2015
Developer: TiMi Studio Group
Platforms: Android, iOS
Total champions: more than 110


Dota 2

Dota 2 is a 2013 multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Valve. The game is a sequel to Defense of the Ancients, which was a community-created mod for Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos.
Initial release date: 9 July 2013
Developer: Valve Corporation
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, macOS, GeForce Now, Linux, Classic Mac OS
Total champions: more than 120


Smite

Smite is a 2014 free-to-play, third-person multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Hi-Rez Studios for Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch, and Amazon Luna.
Initial release date: 25 March 2014
Publishers: Hi Rez Studios, Level Up! Games, Tencent, Tencent Games
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, macOS, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, MORE
Total champions: more than 120


Heroes of the Storm

Heroes of the Storm is a crossover multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment. It was released for Microsoft Windows and macOS on June 2, 2015.
Initial release date: 2 June 2015
Developer: Blizzard Entertainment
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Macintosh operating systems
Total champions: more than 85


Vainglory

Vainglory is a free-to-play video game with in-game purchases, developed and published by Super Evil Megacorp for iOS, Android and PC. 
Initial release date: 16 November 2014
Developer: Super Evil Megacorp
Platforms: Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, macOS, ChromeOS, Classic Mac OS
Total champions: more than 55


Marvel Super War

Marvel Super War is a free-to-play 3D, third-person multiplayer online battle arena game by NetEase and Marvel Entertainment. It is in beta both on Android and iOS and is available to download only in selected countries. The game was released in December 2019.
Initial release date: 19 December 2019
Developer: Hong Kong NetEase Interactive Entertainment Limited
Platforms: iOS, Android
Total champions: more than 80


Heroes Evolved

Heroes Evolved - a global strategy and action game where you will be a part of a 5-member team aiming at destroying the enemy base! This is a really fun MOBA in which there are 100+ unique heroes for you to choose to battle against real rivals from all over the world.
Initial release date: January 2017
Developer: Net Dragon
Platforms: iOS, Android, Microsoft Windows
Total champions: more than 120


Legend of Ace

Legend of Ace is a MOBA with a structure that's similar to other popular games like Arena of Valor. This time, you have to guide different characters through a bunch of different settings. Your first objective is to choose one of the heroes based on the special skills and powers that might suit you best.
Initial release date: September 24, 2018
Developer: FunCube Entertainment
Platforms: iOS, Android
Total champions: more than 40


Onmyoji Arena

From NetEase's well known Onmyoji series, Onmyoji Arena is true to the original characters while bringing players a brand new MOBA experience. Replacing the conventional paid rune system with a completely free Onmyodo system, the game allows players to fully enjoy fair 5v5 battles.
Initial release date: July 12, 2018, 
Developer: NetEase
Platforms: iOS, Android
Total champions: more than 100


Pokémon Unite

Pokémon Unite is a free-to-play, multiplayer online battle arena video game developed by TiMi Studio Group and published by The Pokémon Company for Android and iOS and by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. It was announced in a Pokémon Presents presentation on 24 June 2020.
Initial release date: 21 July 2021
Developers: TiMi Studio Group, The Pokémon Company
Platforms: Nintendo Switch, Android, iOS
Total Pokémons: more than 40

AutoChess Moba

Dota Auto Chess is a strategy video game mod for the video game Dota 2. Developed by Drodo Studio and released in January 2019, the game features elements of chess and supports up to eight players.
Initial release date: 21 July 2021
Developers: TiMi Studio Group, The Pokémon Company
Platforms: Nintendo Switch, Android, iOS
Total Pokémons: more than 40




